DOCS-3028 Polish remaining TC2.1 Docs After Merge (#1247)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/SystemManagement/_index.md

> Clicking  **ISCSI**, **NFS**, and **SMB** opens a **Services** window that allows users to stop/start Services for the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion (not talking about the page so lower case for services is proper here)
Clicking  **ISCSI**, **NFS**, and **SMB** opens a **Services** window that allows users to stop/start services for the system.
```

#### Graphs

> Clicking the CPU, Disk, and Network values displays the system's statistical history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion (for better clarity, less awkward wording)
Click on the **CPU**, **Disk**, and **Network** values displays the system statistical history.
```
